Modified docs to adhere to schema_1st PR (#43)
devfile/docs: docs/modules/user-guide/partials/proc_adding-plugin-component-to-a-devfile.adoc

. Define a component using the type `plugin`.

> . Define the `id` attribute. It is the stack name in a devfile v2 registry. Devfile v2 registry should follow the convention according to the link:https://github.com/devfile/api/blob/master/docs/proposals/registry/index-server-REST-API.md[proposal].

Reviewer: This is referred to as Devfile 2.0 In the README.md for [devfile/api](https://github.com/devfile/api). This implies to me that we should not refer to it as "Devfile v2" or "devfile v2".

Author: Yes, let's defer. I'm addressing language concerns in #39. In this PR, I'm working on a consistent way of referring to devfile 2.0. I'll address this concern when I resume a massive language review of the docs. If I'm not mistake, I think we want to refer to it as v2.0 devfile.

+
.A devfile defining a plug-in `id`
====
[source,yaml]
----
  components:
   - name: plugin-name
     plugin:
      id: nodejs
----
====

> . Optionally, specify an alternative devfile registry using the `registryUrl` parameter:

Reviewer 2: IBM SG: Indicating optional and conditional steps
If a step is optional, begin the step with the word Optional. If your authoring tool provides a semantic element to generate the word Optional, use that element.
 1. Optional: Click Set password. In the Password field, type a password

+

> .Defining a plugin `id` and an alternative devfile registry

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.Defining a plug-in `id` and an alternative devfile registry
```

> .A devfile defining a plug-in `id` and an alternative devfile registry

Reviewer: None of the other examples so far have started with "a devile", have they?

----
====

> 

Reviewer 4: Again sorry, lines were not edited

1. `Define the id attribute. It is slash-separated publisher, name and version `
This is still being worked on and is perhaps not the same as devfile v1. @yangcao77 can you pls shed some light since you're currently working on this format?

2. `more information about registry can be found in the {prod-short} plug-in registry GitHub repository.`
this is no longer true, we dont have one atm

FWIW, plugin is removed from devfile v2 for the next release but the discussion is valid for parents.

Reviewer 5: plugin is going to be removed in devfile v2

for parent registry in V2, the id is the stack name, so it is expected to find devfile by sending GET request to `{registryUrl}/devfiles/{id}`, as proposed in https://github.com/devfile/api/blob/master/docs/proposals/registry/index-server-REST-API.md
